[R2] Adding infrequent access storage example (#23224)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/r2/pricing.mdx

> ### Data storage example 1

Reviewer: can we distinguish in the titles that one is for standard class and the other is for infrequent access class

If a user writes 1,000 objects in R2 standard storage for 1 month with an average size of 1 GB and requests each 1,000 times per month, the estimated cost for the month would be:

|                    | Usage                                       | Free Tier    | Billable Quantity | Price      |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------- | ------------ | ----------------- | ---------- |
| Class B Operations | (1,000 objects) \* (1,000 reads per object) | 10 million   | 0                 | $0.00      |
| Class A Operations | (1,000 objects) \* (1 write per object)     | 1 million    | 0                 | $0.00      |
| Storage            | (1,000 objects) \* (1 GB per object)        | 10 GB-months | 990 GB-months     | $14.85     |
| Data retrieval     | (1,000 objects) \* (1 GB per object)        | 0 GB         | None              | $0.00      |
| **TOTAL**          |                                             |              |                   | **$14.85** |
|                    |                                             |              |                   |            |

### Data storage example 2

> If a user writes 1,000 objects in R2 infrequent access storage for 1 month with an average size of 1 GB and requests 1,000 times per month, the estimated cost for the month would be:

Reviewer: let's change the duration to a time shorter than 1 month so we can highlight how for IA even if you store for less than a month, you are charged for the full month for that usage

|                             | Usage                                                         | Free Tier    | Billable Quantity | Price       |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | ----------------- | ----------- |
| Storage                     | (1,000 objects) \* (1 GB per object) = 1,000 GB-months        | 10 GB-months | 990 GB-months     | $14.85      |
| Class A Operations          | (1,000 objects) \* (1 write per object) = 1,000 writes        | 1 million    | 0                 | $0.00       |
| Class B Operations          | (1,000 objects) \* (1,000 reads per object) = 1 million reads | 10 million   | 0                 | $0.00       |
| Data retrieval (processing) | (1,000 objects) \* (1 GB per object) = 1,000 GB               | 0 GB         | None              | $0.00       |
| **TOTAL**                   |                                                               |              |                   | **$14.85**  |

### Infrequent access example

> If a user writes 1,000 objects in R2 **Infrequent Access storage** across 5 days with an average size of 1 GB and reads each object 1,000 times in 5 days, the estimated cost for the month would be:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a user writes 1,000 objects in R2 **Infrequent Access storage** across five days with an average size of 1 GB and reads each object 1,000 times in five days, the estimated cost for the month would be:
```

> If a user writes 1,000 objects in R2 **Infrequent Access storage** across five days with an average size of 1 GB and reads each object 1,000 times in five days, the estimated cost for the month would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user writes 1,000 objects in R2 Infrequent Access storage with an average size of 1 GB, stores them for 5 days, and then deletes them (delete operations are free), and during those 5 days each object is read 1,000 times, the estimated cost for the month would be:
```
